>> Jen Kramer: So so far we've coded
our name, our phone number, and
email, some information.
And you see that at the top here,
we actually have a header that
says your contact information.
This is some information like that.
And then we have a second part of the form
that's gonna ask about how you'd like to
be abducted by aliens.
Okay?
So this is actually two parts of the form.
And one of the things that we can do
to set off these two parts of the form,
there is actually a tag for this and
it's called the field set tag and
so let's go ahead and add a field set tag.
This will also help with accessibility.
It also helps with just
understanding the form in general,
when you look at the form,
you kind of go, you need information and
then you need to know about
my abduction experience.
And so it clearly breaks the form
into two chunks as you fill it out,
rather than I'm sure you've all seen this,
the form, the endless form that just goes
on forever and ever and you never know
what they're going to ask you next.
And it's just kind of a bad experience.
So using fields set is a nice way to break
up your form into manageable chunks.
People kind of know what's coming.
So guess what the fields
set tag looks like.
>> Jen Kramer: Field set,
sweet and it's going to start there
right after the forum tag in this case.
And where's this field
set tag going to end?
>> Speaker 2: At your abduction.
>> Jen Kramer: Just right before our
abduction information /fieldset, okay?
>> Jen Kramer: And
you can indent everything.
What I just did is I highlighted all the
stuff from field set to slash field set
and then hit my tab key and
that indented everything one level, right?
Once you have a field set in place,
just go ahead and save that.
Let's take a quick peek at that.
You'll see that puts a nice
little box around us.
>> Jen Kramer: Our forum
is looking really ugly.
I have my name, my phone number and
my email address.
They are kinda wrapping around once again,
no sweat.
That's all good.
We'll fix it.
So the other thing that we like to add
with the field set is a label in, sorry,
not a label.
It's a legend.
And the legend is designed to say what
this field set is doing here, right?
So rather than an h2,
we're going to change that tag to legend.
Legend, your contact
information slash legend.
>> Jen Kramer: And once you get
that in place and you refresh,
you'll see here there's the words
your contact information.
And it's there's a little box going around
all of your contact information, okay?
>> Speaker 3: So why is that better?
What does legend do?
>> Jen Kramer: So
legend is describing our fieldset.
So the fieldset is, this is a group and
then we needed sort of a title for
the fieldset and that's what the legend
tag is doing, serving as that title.
>> Speaker 3: Works hand
in hand with field set.
>> Jen Kramer: Works hand
You'll never see legend
hanging out there by itself.
It's always inside of a field set.
>> Jen Kramer: Good.
Why don't you take two minutes now and
see if you can do the same thing,
field set in legend for the second part of
the forum about your abduction experience.
Go ahead and set up a field set and
a legend tag for about your experience.